README.md, before:

Setup
=====

- Install .NET 5.0
- Run `dotnet tool install refriender -g`

Usage
=====

`refriender [args] filename`

```
  -q, --quiet                   Silence messages
  -v, --verbose                 Verbose messages
  -s, --start-only              Only find starting positions of blocks
  -i, --identify                Look for magic in decompressed blocks
  --read-file                   Read entire file into memory instead of mapping
                                (Warning: ONLY works for files <=2GB)
  -p, --preserve-overlapping    Preserve overlapping blocks
  -e, --extract-to              Path for extraction
  -a, --algorithms              (Default: all) Comma-separated list of
                                algorithms (valid options: all, deflate, zlib,
                                gzip, bzip2, lzw, lz4raw, lz4frame)
  -f, --find-pointers           Comma-separated list of offsets/ranges in which
                                to search for pointers to blocks (e.g. 0,4,8,16
                                or 1-8,32)
  -m, --min-length              (Default: 128) Minimum decompressed block length
                                in bytes
  --help                        Display this help screen.
  filename (pos. 0)             Required. File to scan
```

Refriender can be used to find and extract all the compressed blocks in a file, either with a single algorithm, a set of algorithms, or (the default) all of them. It can also find pointers to those blocks, or to just before the block, as is often the case with archive files. Additionally, libmagic can be used to identify the contents of decompressed blocks.

Commit message:

Added a search for pointers to the end of blocks. Bumped to version 1.1.0.

README.md, after:

Setup
=====

- Install .NET 5.0
- Run `dotnet tool install refriender -g`

Usage
=====

`refriender [args] filename`

```
  -q, --quiet                   Silence messages
  -v, --verbose                 Verbose messages
  -s, --start-only              Only find starting positions of blocks
  -i, --identify                Look for magic in decompressed blocks
  --read-file                   Read entire file into memory instead of mapping
                                (Warning: ONLY works for files <=2GB)
  -p, --preserve-overlapping    Preserve overlapping blocks
  -e, --extract-to              Path for extraction
  -a, --algorithms              (Default: all) Comma-separated list of
                                algorithms (valid options: all, deflate, zlib,
                                gzip, bzip2, lzw, lz4raw, lz4frame)
  -f, --find-pointers           Comma-separated list of offsets/ranges in which
                                to search for pointers to blocks (e.g. 0,4,8,16
                                or 1-8,32)
  -F, --find-end-pointers       Comma-separated list of offsets/ranges in which
                                to search for pointers to the end of blocks
                                (e.g. 0,4,8,16 or 1-8,32)
  -m, --min-length              (Default: 128) Minimum decompressed block length
                                in bytes
  --help                        Display this help screen.
  filename (pos. 0)             Required. File to scan
```

Refriender can be used to find and extract all the compressed blocks in a file, either with a single algorithm, a set of algorithms, or (the default) all of them. It can also find pointers to those blocks, or to just before/after the block, as is often the case with archive files. Additionally, libmagic can be used to identify the contents of decompressed blocks.
